README.md, before:

# AWS Getting started with Containers Webinar

This repo is used to set up the infrastructure used to build and deploy a container to ECS Fargate for a webinar.

## Setup

1. Create an IAM user with sufficient permissions to create the infrastructure you require. Generate an API key for the user, and create a named profile in `~/.aws/credentials` that looks like this:
~~~
[aws-webinar]
aws_access_key_id = your_api_key
aws_secret_access_key = your_api_key_secret
~~~

2. Create an S3 bucket in your region of choice. Edit `infra/terraform-state.tf` by replacing the `bucket`, `region` and `profile` values to what you have configured.

3. Run `terraform init` in the `infra` directory.

4. In `infra/variables.tf`, change the `github_username` and `github_repo_name` defaults to your ones.

5. Create `infra/secret.tf` with the following:
~~~
locals {
  webhook_secret  = "web-hook-secret-shared-string"
  github_token    = "github-token-with-permission-to-create-webhooks"
  github_username = "cobusbernard"
}
~~~

Commit message:

Updating to link to tutorial with more details on bootstrapping and managing multiple environments.

README.md, after:

# AWS Getting started with Containers Webinar

This is an older implementation, I recommend you look at [Bootstrapping your Terraform automation with Amazon CodeCatalyst](bit.ly/bootstrapping-terraform) that I wrote on how to set up the permissions and bootstrap Terraform. There is also a followup guide on how you can start [Automating Multiple Environments with Terraform](bit.ly/multi-account-terraform).

You can use the implementation in these to also use GitHub Actions if you prefer to manage multiple environments.

This repo is used to set up the infrastructure used to build and deploy a container to ECS Fargate for a webinar.

## Setup

1. Create an IAM user with sufficient permissions to create the infrastructure you require. Generate an API key for the user, and create a named profile in `~/.aws/credentials` that looks like this:
~~~
[aws-webinar]
aws_access_key_id = your_api_key
aws_secret_access_key = your_api_key_secret
~~~

2. Create an S3 bucket in your region of choice. Edit `infra/terraform-state.tf` by replacing the `bucket`, `region` and `profile` values to what you have configured.

3. Run `terraform init` in the `infra` directory.

4. In `infra/variables.tf`, change the `github_username` and `github_repo_name` defaults to your ones.

5. Create `infra/secret.tf` with the following:
~~~
locals {
  webhook_secret  = "web-hook-secret-shared-string"
  github_token    = "github-token-with-permission-to-create-webhooks"
  github_username = "cobusbernard"
}
~~~
